Afrika Korps - VASL Maps AK1  Version 2.0  and AK2 Version 1.0 
Released 6/12/10
Drawn by Pete Roberts

These are hand drawn versions of the AK maps and can be cropped like any other Vasl map, but the Vasl LOS will not report blocks and hindrances. The two maps are identical and facilitate the playing of scenarios requiring two AK maps. Version 1.0 of AK1 should be replaced with Version 2.0.

When overlays are on the map the Vasl LOS thread disappears beneath the Overlays. Use of the AK LOS and los provided in the AK LOS.mdx extension facilitates a thread that can be seen over the top of the overlays. If you want to use this then place the AK LOS.mdx in your extensions folder.

Put the AK2.mdx extension in your extensions directory. The AK2 extension replaces the AK1 extension, so if you have the AK1 extension remove it and replace it with the AK2 extension. 

The AK2 extension adds the overlays and some of the counters from Critical Hit's  AK2 pack and makes some corrections to the overlays from AK1. The method of selecting the overlays has been changed slightly from a drop down menu to a list, but they are still available from the draggable overlays under an AK tab.

The overlays do not snap to grid, thus enabling them to be rotated if necessary. Use shift and left click to select an overlay once it has been placed on the map. The AK1 and AK2 maps that the overlays are designed to be used with can be cropped just like any other Vasl map, but the Vasl LOS will not report blocks and hindrances and when overlays are on the map the LOS thread disappears beneath the Overlays. Use of the AK LOS and los provided in the AK LOS.mdx extension facilitates a thread that can be seen over the top of the overlays.

New German unit counters are provided on the Squad and Half squad tabs and two new Italian unit counters are also provided. The British Hurricane FB can be found under the British Air units, the British ACV is under the British SC/AC (AEC AC) vehicle tab. German and Italian vehicles have been added under the relevant tabs.

Note that a number of the German Vehicles already have Vasl counters. Some of these German vehicles have flags on them for aerial recognition and some do not, some have a right click option to turn the flag on/off.

Thanks to Ray Tapio at Critical Hit for permission to VASLize this map.

Pete Roberts


